# VirtuousAI Full Stack Take Home Exercise Instructions

The goal of this project is to create a web page that dynamically displays a stream of text generated by a POST request to the provided server.

The web page should resemble a chat, where users can type in text and submit it. Upon submission, the page should display both the user's text and the stream of text returned by the server.

Once you have started the provided server, a POST to `localhost:8080/stream` will return a stream of JSON objects which have the following schema.

```
{
  "$schema": "http://json-schema.org/draft-07/schema#",
  "type": "object",
  "properties": {
    "done": {
      "type": "boolean"
    },
    "text": {
      "type": "string"
    }
  },
  "required": ["done"],
  "additionalProperties": false
}
```

An example message looks like this: `{"text": " eius", "done": false}`

The final message you will receive in the stream will be a JSON object with the following form: `{"done": true}`


## Submission Guidelines
- Submit your project as link to your clone of this git repository.
  - You may also zip up your project including the `.git` directory and email it to us.
- You must include a README detailing how to run your solution.
- Your solution must be written using Javascript.
- You may use any frameworks or packages.

## Evaluation Criteria
- Functionality: Does the web page meet all specified requirements?
- Design: Is the web page visually appealing and does it follow modern design principles?
- Responsiveness: Does the web page work well at different window sizes?
- Code Quality: Is the code clean, well organized, and well documented?


Good luck, and we look forward to reviewing your submission!